[OSDOCS#9403]: RN for 4.13.30 (#70722)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-29-updating"]
==== Updating
To update an existing {product-title} 4.13 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI].

[id="ocp-4-13-30"]
=== RHSA-2024:0286 - {product-title} 4.13.30 bug fix and security update

Issued: 2024-01-24

> {product-title} release 4.13.30, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:7687[RHBA-2024:0286] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0288[RHSA-2024:0288] advisory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} release 4.13.30, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:0286[RHBA-2024:0286] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0288[RHSA-2024:0288] advisory.
```

Author: done! thank you - good catch!

> {product-title} release 4.13.30, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:0286[RHBA-2024:0286] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0288[RHSA-2024:0288] advisory.

Reviewer 2: Is 0286 RHSA? According to the title it is. Make sure that both of the errata are correct :)

```suggestion
{product-title} release 4.13.30, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0286[RHSA-2024:0286] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0288[RHSA-2024:0288] advisory.
```

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.13.30 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-13-30-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, using EUS channels for mirroring releases was causing a failure in mirroring with `oc-mirror`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, using EUS channels for mirroring releases was causing a failure in mirroring with the `oc-mirror` command.
```

> This was due to the fact that `oc-mirror` did not acknowledge that EUS channels are for even-numbered releases only. With this release, users of `oc-mirror` can now use EUS channels for mirroring releases. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26595[*OCPBUGS-26595*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue occurred because`oc-mirror` did not acknowledge that EUS channels are for even-numbered releases only. With this release, users of the `oc-mirror` command can now use EUS channels for mirroring releases. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-26595[*OCPBUGS-26595*])
```
